README.md, before:

Mobility is an important quantifier for quality of life providing autonomy and a connection to the outside world. MobilityGrade aims to provide insights into mobility by connecting the availability of *quality of life*-services to their travel times and accessibility. Insights provided by MobilityGrade can then be used as a decision making factor by potential residents of that area, or to be considered during urban planning.

The initial focus and pilot area for MobilityGrade is [Buitenveldert](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Buitenveldert), a neighbourhood in Amsterdam with a relatively high amount of elderly residents. Data is obtained from local open data repositories provided by [Amsterdam](https://data.amsterdam.nl/) and the [CBS](https://opendata.cbs.nl/). All efforts will be published as open source with the MIT License.

# Concept
MobilityGrade is an online application with mobility metrics represented on a map. The aim is to have a *mobility grade*—a summary of various mobility metrics—visible for each address on the map. Means of transportation is weighed in to the overall mobility score for each location.

![Initial sketch for what MobilityGrade may look like.](media/sketch.buitenveldert-map.jpg)

Commit message:

Replaced alt-text with caption

README.md, after:

Mobility is an important quantifier for quality of life providing autonomy and a connection to the outside world. MobilityGrade aims to provide insights into mobility by connecting the availability of *quality of life*-services to their travel times and accessibility. Insights provided by MobilityGrade can then be used as a decision making factor by potential residents of that area, or to be considered during urban planning.

The initial focus and pilot area for MobilityGrade is [Buitenveldert](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Buitenveldert), a neighbourhood in Amsterdam with a relatively high amount of elderly residents. Data is obtained from local open data repositories provided by [Amsterdam](https://data.amsterdam.nl/) and the [CBS](https://opendata.cbs.nl/). All efforts will be published as open source with the MIT License.

# Concept
MobilityGrade is an online application with mobility metrics represented on a map. The aim is to have a *mobility grade*—a summary of various mobility metrics—visible for each address on the map. Means of transportation is weighed in to the overall mobility score for each location.

![A map of Buitenveldert with a data visualisation indicating mobility for each address.](media/sketch.buitenveldert-map.jpg)
> Initial sketch for what MobilityGrade may look like.
